INTMDB-638: DataDog ThirdPartyIntegration Documentation update (#1105)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/third-party-integration/datadog/README.md

# Example - DataDog third party integration with MongoDB Atlas Cluster

## Dependencies

* Terraform v0.13
* A [DataDog](https://www.datadoghq.com/) API Key.

>     * As of 2023/03/27, worth noting that this is *not* an Application Key. API Keys can be access via Organization Settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * As of March 2023, worth noting that this is *not* an Application Key. API Keys can be created and accessed via Organization Settings from DataDog UI (not from MongoDB Atlas).
```
